---
layout: post
title: writing map
date: 2023-11-04 00:10:33 +0900
category: english
---

the provided map showcases the changes of secondary school over time, from 1950, 1980, to 2010.

The provided map offers a visual representation of how the secondary school has evolved over time, illustrating changes from 1950 through 1980, and up to 2010.

offers visual representation
to -> up to
<br/>
<br/>

initially, the school,beneath the main road, was only occupied eastern half section of map, southen half of which was playground and rest was building.
another side of map was composed of houses and farmland, also southen half of which was farmland.


Initially, the school located below the main road occupied only the eastern half of the map. Of this section, the southern half was designated as a playground, while the remainder was occupied by the school building. On the other side of the map, the area was made up of houses and farmland, with the southern half being exclusively farmland.

exclusively
<br/>
<br/>

in 1980, school was extended to the western part to occupying whole part of the map.
western area was made up of car park, science block, sports field. sports field was took place which exactly farmland was situated. carpark occupied western half area of remainder area.

In 1980, the school expanded westward to occupy the entire area of the map. The western portion was developed to include a car park, a science block, and a sports field. The sports field was constructed on the exact spot where the farmland used to be. Additionally, the car park took up the western half of the remaining area.

whole part -> entire area

<br/>
<br/>

in 2010, the sports field and play ground was compressed at the right side, with playground being major section of which. and car park is extended to the southward which sports field initially occupied.

By 2010, the sports field and playground had been consolidated on the right side of the area, with the playground occupying the larger section. Meanwhile, the car park was extended southward into the space that was initially used by the sports field.

in 2010 -> by 2010
at the right side -> on the right side
meanwhile 
extended into the space
used as -> used by(사실 비슷한뜻)