---
layout: post
title: writing map
date: 2023-11-02 00:10:33 +0900
category: english
---

the provided map illustrate the changes of the park over the 40years from 1980 until now. 
<br/>
<br/>
The provided map delineates the transformations that have occurred within a park over a span of 40 years, from 1980 to the present day.
<br/>
<br/>
changes -> occered within 
over the -> over a span of
now -> present day
<br/>
<br/>


there was few trees situated at the northen eastern corner triangle part of park. which is transformed into rectangular part, added chairs and desks and barbecue zone.
<br/>
<br/>
In 1980, a small cluster of trees was positioned in the northeastern corner of the park, forming a triangular area. This space has since evolved into a rectangular section, now featuring added chairs, tables, and a designated barbecue zone.
<br/>
<br/>

few -> cluster of

northestern.
part -> section
(바베큐존이 되었다)designated barbecue zone
featuring 
<br/>
<br/>
there was no road at the northen and estern part of park starts from center. but it appears nowadays. the deployment of bench in the vicinity of pond changed and number increased by 1, 3 to 4. 
<br/>
<br/>

Originally, there were no pathways in the northern and eastern sections of the park, starting from the center. However, these have been constructed in recent years. The arrangement and quantity of benches near the pond have also changed, with the number increasing from three to four.
<br/>
<br/>
road -> pathways 인도
appears nowadays -> constructed in recent years
deployment -> arrangment
<br/>
<br/>
there was flowers around the southen gate but the left side of it changed to the bush and right side of it changed as play ground.

<br/>
<br/>
Around the southern entrance, there were initially flower beds. These have undergone changes as well; the area to the left has been converted into a bushy zone, while the right side has been transformed into a playground.
<br/>
<br/>
it changed -> it have undergone changes
꽃밭 -> flower beds
---
