---
layout: post
title: writing map
date: 2023-10-26 00:10:33 +0900
category: english
---

depicted map shows the development plan of river basin. 
there is no bridge cross the river but they plan to build that house above the river with constructing the connected bridge.

<br/>
<br/>
The illustrated map outlines a development plan for a river basin area. Presently, there is no bridge crossing the river, but there are plans to build one along with houses situated above the river, connected by the proposed bridge.
<br/>
<br/>
shows -> outlines
river basin -> river basin area
now -> presently


<br/>
<br/>
there was initially the raod featured roundabout and few factories are located around that roundabout and located along the load streached right side of roundabout. 
they are planning to vanish every factory and replace that as housing along the load streach to the right side. 
and construct them adjacent to the road between bridge and roundabout aforementioned. and they will build additional road at the upper left side of roundabout and two housing accordingly. 

<br/>
<br/>
Initially, the area features a road with a roundabout. Several factories are situated around this roundabout and along the road extending from its right side. The plan involves demolishing these factories and replacing them with housing units along the road stretching to the right of the roundabout. These houses will be constructed adjacent to the road, situated between the proposed bridge and the existing roundabout. Additionally, a new road is planned to be built on the upper left side of the roundabout, flanked by two housing units.
<br/>
<br/>
vanishing -> demolishing
replace as -> replace with
flanked by two housing units.
<br/>
<br/>
they are planning to construct few amenities like shops and medical centre located near the roundabout. playground located above the housing which is located at the right side of roundabout. and at the end of that road, there will be school.

<br/>
<br/>
The development plan also includes the construction of various amenities. Shops and a medical center are planned to be located near the roundabout. Above the housing on the right side of the roundabout, there will be a playground. At the end of this road, a school is proposed to be built.
<br/>
<br/>

<br/>
<br/>
and they planning to make new roundabout at the below part of aforementioned roundabout.

<br/>
<br/>

Furthermore, there are plans to create a new roundabout below the existing one, enhancing the overall connectivity and accessibility of the area.




