---
layout: post
title: writing map
date: 2023-11-05 00:10:33 +0900
category: english
---

the provided map showcases changes of swimming pool over times. 
<br/>
<br/>
The provided map illustrates the evolution of a swimming pool facility over time.

<br/>
<br/>


<br/>
<br/>

the building has been built present days containing every amenity relevent to swimming pool, reception, cafe, changingroom, fitness centre. before that building, there was cafe and reception at the same place as now, the western north part of building, also same as pool, which was initially located northeastern and now situated northen area of building. changing room was initially located beneath reception but it moved little bit eastward, meanwhile tennis court moved westward to outside of building , where car park was located, and fitness centre is constructed at the place which tennis court has been.
<br/>
<br/>
the current building, equipped with modern amenities such as a swimming pool, reception area, cafe, changing rooms, and a fitness center, stands as a testament to recent development. Previously, the cafe and reception were situated in the same location as they are today, in the western-northern part of the building. The pool, which was originally in the northeastern section, has since been relocated to the northern part of the building.

The changing rooms have also seen a shift; originally placed directly beneath the reception, they have now moved slightly to the east. The tennis court has been relocated to the west, outside of the building, taking over what used to be a car park area. In the tennis court's former location, a new fitness center has been constructed.
<br/>
<br/>
변한거처럼 보이다 -> have also seen a shift
equipped with
대표하다 -> stands as a testament
as the present days -> as they are today
relocated
occupied where -> taking over
former location
<br/>
<br/>
basketball court is located at the northwestern part of map where park was originally located
<br/>
<br/>
Additionally, there is a basketball court which can be found in the northwestern part of the map. This court is situated where there once was a park.
<br/>
<br/>

-----




