---
layout: post
title: writing1 
date: 2023-10-19 00:10:33 +0900
category: english
---
<br/>
that diagram illustrates making and delivery process of rock. 
there are totally 7 process starting with digging cumulating with delivery
<br/>
<br/>
The diagram illustrates the creation and delivery process of bricks.
In total, there are seven processes, beginning with digging and culminating in delivery.
<br/>

make -> create
start from -> beginning with
<br/>
first digger is employed for dig the clay and digged clay is put on the metal grid, filtering to smaller one on the roller.
<br/>
<br/>
First, a digger is employed to excavate the clay. The excavated clay is then placed on a metal grid, where it is filtered into smaller pieces via a roller.
<br/>

be employed for -> be employed to
smaller one -> smaller pieces
on the roller -> via a roller
<br/>
then sand and water is added to that smaller one. that is formed as brick by cutting them or moulding.
<br/>
<br/>
Next, sand and water are added to these smaller pieces. These are then formed into bricks either by cutting or molding.
<br/>
formed as  -> formed into
or -> either or
<br/>

after formed as brick, they are dried for more than 24 hours and then heated in the kiln, first heated in moderate temperature and high temperature and finally cooled for 2 to 3days. following packaging and delivery
<br/>
<br/>
Once shaped into bricks, they are dried for more than 24 hours. Subsequently, they are heated in a kiln, initially at a moderate temperature, followed by a high temperature. They are then cooled for 2 to 3 days. The process concludes with packaging and delivery.
<br/>
formed as -> shaped into
followed by -> concludes with 
