---
layout: post
title: writing map
date: 2023-11-06 00:10:33 +0900
category: english
---

the provided map showcases the changes of farmland over time, from 1936 to 2007. there is cross shaped road ,quartering a map, featured with roundabout. 
<br/>
<br/>
The map provided illustrates the evolution of the farmland from 1936 to 2007. A distinctive feature of this map is the cross-shaped road that divides the map into quarters, complete with a roundabout at the intersection.
<br/>
<br/>
특별한 distinctive
complete with 
at the intersection
<br/>
<br/>
the centre part of map, which is roundabout was initially featured with post office, sweet shop, butchers, flower shop, bank, library.
the post office which was situated at the northwestern area of roundabout still unchanged and so as bank and library which are situated at the southestern part of roundabout. flower shop which was located at the southwestern part of roundabout transformed as travel agent. sweetshop and butchers, which was located northestern part of the roundabout merged and transformed to be supermarket. there was nothing in the remainder but shopping centre was constructed.
<br/>
<br/>
At the heart of the map, the roundabout was initially encircle a variety of establishments: a post office, a sweet shop, a butcher's, a flower shop, a bank, and a library. The post office, which was located in the northwestern quadrant of the roundabout, has remained unchanged over the years, as have the bank and the library situated in the southeastern quadrant. The flower shop, once at the southwestern section, has now been replaced by a travel agency. The sweet shop and the butcher's, which were in the northeastern part of the roundabout, have combined and been replaced by a supermarket. Where there was previously vacant space, a shopping centre has now been constructed.

<br/>
<br/>
centre -> heart
many kinds of -> a variety of
<br/>
<br/>
there was three trees at the northwestern part of map, but decreased by one tree.
the cycle path at the southwestern part refined to be plain curved road. the residential area was prosperous at the river basin at the northestern part of the map.
the government offices and farm land was at the remainder but transformed as museum and golf course.
<br/>
<br/>
To the northwest of the map, there were originally three trees, but this number has since decreased to two. The cycle path in the southwestern quarter has been upgraded to a smooth, curved road. The residential zone, thriving in the northeastern river basin, has expanded over time.

Where government buildings and farmland once stood in the remaining quadrants of the map, they have now given way to a museum and a golf course, reflecting significant changes in land use over the 71-year span.

<br/>
<br/>
있던곳 -> where ~ once stood
changed to -> given way to
<br/>
<br/>