---
layout: post
title: writing 12
date: 2024-10-19 00:10:33 +0900
category: english
---

the following map illustrates the transformation of deploiment of instructions in the park. 
from the broad perspective, the loads are more wavy than before and there is more artificial structure than before.

The following map delineates the transformation of the deployment of structures within the park. 
From a comprehensive perspective, the paths are now more sinuous than previously, and the number of artificial structures has increased.

in 1980, these are surrounded by fence and two gates are perfomed as enterance and exit at the same time but it is disappeared now. the trees on the northen part are now give way to barbeque setting.
the southen parts of road which is flanked by flowers are now replaced by bursh for the east and play ground for the west. the number of bench surrounding the pond is increased to 4.

In 1980, the area was enclosed by a fence, with two gates serving simultaneously as entrances and exits. However, this feature has since been removed. 
The trees in the northern part have been cleared to make space for a barbecue area. 
The southern section of the road, once lined with flowers, has now been replaced with bushes on the east and a playground on the west. 
Additionally, the number of benches surrounding the pond has increased to four.

</br>

The map illustrates the changes made to a park between 1980 and the present day. 
From an overall perspective, it is clear that the park has been further developed for visitors, with additional recreational spaces for outdoor dining, seating, and play. 
The only significant reduction is the removal of flowerbeds.

In 1980, the park featured an entrance on the left side above a pond, which was surrounded by three benches, and a second gate at the southern end. 
Both gates have since been removed, the road has been made less linear, and the pond is now encircled by more benches. 
Additionally, two new roads extend from the top and right sides of the map, creating a section with trees, chairs, desks, and barbecue facilities, where previously only trees stood.

In the bottom right corner, a flowerbed has been replaced with a playground. Another flowerbed located in the bottom left, beneath the pond, has been replaced by wild bush.